README.md, before:

# R-evolution

R-evolution is a Progressive Web App built with [Preact](https://github.com/developit/preact) and [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux).

## Prerequisite
* NodeJS >= 6
* NPM >= 3 (You can use Yarn too)

## Install Procedure
Run `yarn` or `npm install`

## Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `docs` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles in production mode and optimizes and minifies the build for the best performance.

Note that every `console.log` will be removed from the final bundle.

## Supported Language Features and Polyfills

This project supports a superset of the latest JavaScript standard.

In addition to ES6 syntax features, it also supports:

* Exponentiation Operator
* Async/await
* Object Rest/Spread Properties
* Class Fields and Static Properties

Note that **the project doesn't include ES6 polyfills**.


## Styles

This project is styled with Prettier. Prettier is an opinionated code formatter with support for JavaScript, CSS and JSON. 
Whenever you make a commit, Prettier will format the changed files automatically.

## Deploy on Github pages
Run the following:
`npm version [major | minor | patch]`

Commit message:

Add unit test and update babel config

README.md, after:

# R-evolution

R-evolution is a Progressive Web App built with [Preact](https://github.com/developit/preact) and [Redux](https://github.com/reactjs/redux).

## Prerequisite
* NodeJS >= 6
* NPM >= 3 (You can use Yarn too)

## Install Procedure
Run `yarn` or `npm install`

## Available Scripts
In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.

### `npm run test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `docs` folder.<br>
It correctly bundles in production mode and optimizes and minifies the build for the best performance.

Note that every `console.log` will be removed from the final bundle.

## Supported Language Features and Polyfills

This project supports a superset of the latest JavaScript standard.

In addition to ES6 syntax features, it also supports:

* Exponentiation Operator
* Async/await
* Object Rest/Spread Properties
* Class Fields and Static Properties

Note that **the project doesn't include ES6 polyfills**.


## Styles

This project is styled with Prettier. Prettier is an opinionated code formatter with support for JavaScript, CSS and JSON. 
Whenever you make a commit, Prettier will format the changed files automatically.

## Deploy on Github pages
Run the following:
`npm version [major | minor | patch]`
